README.md, before:

# Random Password Generator and Checker

This C++ program generates random passwords and checks their security based on predefined criteria. It can be used to create strong and secure passwords for various applications.

## Features
- Generates random passwords of variable length.
- Ensures passwords contain a mix of digits, uppercase letters, and lowercase letters.
- Checks generated passwords for security based on predefined criteria.
- Avoids patterns in generated passwords by shuffling characters.

## Requirements
- C++ compiler with support for C++11 or later.
- Standard C++ libraries.

## Usage
1. Compile the source code using a C++ compiler.
2. Run the compiled executable.
3. The program will generate and test multiple random passwords, displaying the results.

## How it Works
- The program uses a random number generator to create passwords of random length between 10 and 16 characters.
- Each password contains at least one digit, one uppercase letter, and one lowercase letter.
- The generated passwords are checked for security, ensuring they do not contain repeated characters or predictable patterns.
- Finally, the program displays the generated passwords and indicates whether they are secure.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to improve the code or add new features.

Commit message:

Refactor code into classes and separate files"
This commit refactors the existing codebase by introducing classes for password generation and validation, and splitting the code into multiple files for better organization and modularity. The PasswordGenerator class encapsulates the functionality related to generating and validating passwords. The code is split into PasswordGenerator.h and PasswordGenerator.cpp for the class definition and implementation, respectively, while main.cpp contains the application's entry point. This restructuring enhances code readability, maintainability, and scalability, making it easier to manage and extend in the future.

README.md, after:

# Random Password Generator and Checker

Welcome to the Random Password Generator and Checker project! This C++ program is designed to generate strong and secure passwords while also verifying their security based on predefined criteria.

## Features

- **Password Generation**: Generate random passwords of variable length.
- **Security Checking**: Ensure passwords contain a mix of digits, uppercase letters, and lowercase letters.
- **Security Verification**: Check generated passwords for security, avoiding patterns to enhance security.
- **User-friendly Interface**: Easy-to-use interface displaying generated passwords and their security status.

## Requirements

- C++ compiler with support for C++14 or later.
- Standard C++ libraries.

## Usage

1. **Compilation**:
   Compile the source code using a C++ compiler. You can use the following command:
   ```
   make
   ```

2. **Execution**:
   Run the compiled executable:
   ```
   ./main
   ```

3. **Result**:
   The program will generate and test multiple random passwords, displaying the results.

## How it Works

- The program utilizes a random number generator to create passwords of random length between 10 and 16 characters.
- Each generated password contains at least one digit, one uppercase letter, and one lowercase letter to ensure security.
- Passwords are checked for security, ensuring they do not contain repeated characters or predictable patterns.
- Finally, the program displays the generated passwords and indicates whether they are secure.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome! Whether you want to improve the code, add new features, or suggest enhancements, feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.
